Documentation Migration Preview (#538)
OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface: doc/architecture/formatting_scripts.adoc

> # Trace-file formatting scripts

Reviewer: Fixed typos in context of PR #528 (5ba539462c3629fc2d09d05cc88b159e86bef3cd).

> OSI provides Python scripts for converting trace files from one format to the other.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Python scripts are provided for converting trace files from one format to the other.
```

Reviewer: Improved wording ("OSI repo contains...") while maintaining active mode (see https://github.com/OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface/commit/3806ef078791d7e76c7ffcf34063ed131932234d).
